com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentLocationcheckBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentLocationcheckBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityShipmentPalleteReceivingBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityShipmentPalleteReceivingBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/customView/PopWindowMain.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.customView.PopWindowMain
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.customView.PopWindowMain$1
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.customView.PopWindowMain$2
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.customView.PopWindowMain$DismissListener
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentPutawaypalleteBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentPutawaypalleteBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityMainMenuBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityMainMenuBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityPickingBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityPickingBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityFoldingscanBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityFoldingscanBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentSerialGeneratorBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentSerialGeneratorBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentFillpalleteBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentFillpalleteBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/BuildConfig.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.BuildConfig
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityLocationcheckBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityLocationcheckBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/LabelGraphic.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.LabelGraphic
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityNextReceivingStatusBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityNextReceivingStatusBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/PopWindowMainBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.PopWindowMainBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentPickingBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentPickingBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ContentFoldingscanBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ContentFoldingscanBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/storage/Storage.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.storage.Storage
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivitySerialGeneratorBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivitySerialGeneratorBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ItemListBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ItemListBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityShipmentPalleteCartonCountBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityShipmentPalleteCartonCountBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/GraphicOverlay.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.GraphicOverlay
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.GraphicOverlay$Graphic
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityFillpalleteBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityFillpalleteBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/TextGraphic.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.TextGraphic
com/bos/wms/mlkit/FaceContourGraphic.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.FaceContourGraphic
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityPutawaypalleteBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityPutawaypalleteBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/databinding/ActivityShipmentPalleteCartonBinding.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.databinding.ActivityShipmentPalleteCartonBinding
com/bos/wms/mlkit/General.java
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.General
 com.bos.wms.mlkit.General$1
